Heather Nicholds: Hey guys this is Heather
from healthyeatingstartshere.com. So today
I have for you a recipe for a salad that we
are going to make into a meal and it's going
to be a really quick and easy weeknight meal
for you. And what I am going to base it on
is some lettuce and veggies of course. But
to make it more filling what I am going to
do is use some frozen lima beans which are
an excellent way to get protein really, really
quick. And we are going to make a really interesting
thick spicy sauce and I am going to show you
super simple way to make this that will take
you a couple of minutes. Alright, so let's
get started with the lima beans.
So I have already got some carrots and celery
chopped up and then I am going to take my
lima beans and good thing is -- ooh thatÕs
a lot. All you have to do is to put them in
a pot, add some water and then boil them for
a few minutes. And half a cup gives you 6
grams of proteins which means 22% protein
by calories.
So I have just got them cooking back there
and they are also going to give you a ton
of iron. For women, 10% of your daily iron
needs from just a half a cup of lima beans.
For guys its 22.5%. Guys need less iron overall
than women.
Okay so, I have got some lettuce rinsed. You
just tear this, put it on a plate, top it
with the veggies and then we are going to
make our dressing while those lima beans cook.
So I am going to put it in a bowl and what
I am going to use to start with is some salsa
and this is a salsa that I have bought. It
has just whole food ingredients so if you
can find one like that thatÕs awesome or
you can make your own. Or you can use some
canned diced tomatoes. ThatÕs another thing
I often use, but salsa of course has a nice
spiciness to it. So I am going to put some
in a bowl and then to it to make it nice and
creamy I am going to add some Tahini.
You could use almond butter, you could use
cashew butter, you could use whatever you
like, but you just need spoonful and you are
going to stir it in to make a creamy tomato
sauce. So youÕre just going to stir it around
until you break up the tahini or the almond
butter.
Now this one is pretty chunky so I am going
to have to stir it a little bit more. But
if you have a nice smooth one, you won't need
to stir it too much at all. Then as I said
youÕre just going to tear up your lettuce,
spread it out on your plate, top up with your
veggies and you can use any variety of veggies
you like, celery and carrot is just what I
had in the fridge today.
Another thing I like to do to make it more
filling is to use a bean dip. So I have a
bean dip here that I made the other day and
I am just going to put a few spoonfuls on
top. I love to do this with hummus, this is
a red lentil dip with some balsamic so it's
kind of brown and doesnÕt look terribly appetizing,
but it tastes really good, thatÕs what matters.
Really good!
I do this a lot with hummus or with any kind
of bean dip. If you havenÕt checked out my
free three-day meal plan, do that. In there
I have a salad with hummus and I give you
the recipe for how to make the hummus. If
you go to my website healtheatingsstartshere.com,
you can download that for free. Just go to
the top right hand corner and youÕll see
the link there.
Okay, so cooked and strained. They really
only take a few minutes. They are really rich
in magnesium and potassium as well. ThatÕs
a lot! I really like adding them because they
work as bean as well as a vegetable. So it's
going to be a totally protein rich salad.
And then on top we are just going to spend
some of this salsa tahini dressing. See how
thick that is, it's so tasty. And then you
just got to take a bite.
So there you go. That is a super quick meal
with lots of proteins and nutrients and itÕs
a way to make a salad more filling into a
meal. So I hope you enjoy that. Give it a
try. Like I said you can vary all the ingredients,
the vegetables, the beans, the dip, whatever
you like.
DonÕt forget to go sign up for that free
three day meal plan on my website so you can
try a hummus variation. And let me know what
you think in the comments. I will see you
again soon guys. ThatÕs it. Bye!
Meal-Sized Protein-Rich Salad
Page 2 of 2